[EGD2025 Day 1] Solenne Correard(The Biodiversity Galaxy Lab: A Collaborative Hub with curated tools, workflows and training for FAIR and Reproducible biodiversity analysis) (#427)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/egd2025/day-1-the-biodiversity-galaxy-lab-a-collaborative-hub-with-curated-tools-workflows-and-training-for-fair-and-reproducible-biodiversity-analysis.md

---
media:
- bluesky-galaxyproject
- linkedin-galaxyproject
- mastodon-galaxyproject
- matrix-eu-announce
hashtags:
  bluesky-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - workflow
  - biodiversity
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - open_science_training
  - fair
  - open_science
  linkedin-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - workflow
  - biodiversity
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - open_science_training
  - fair
  - open_science
  mastodon-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - workflow
  - biodiversity
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - open_science_training
  - fair
  - open_science
mentions:
  mastodon-galaxyproject:
  - galaxyfreiburg@xn--baw-joa.social
---

On Day 1 of European Galaxy Days, Solenne Correard presented The Biodiversity Galaxy Lab: A Collaborative Hub with curated tools, workflows and training for FAIR and Reproducible biodiversity analysis.
Read more: https://biodiversity.usegalaxy.fr/

> ![The Biodiversity Galaxy Lab: A Collaborative Hub with curated tools, workflows and training for FAIR and Reproducible biodiversity analysis](IMAGE_URL_HERE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The Biodiversity Galaxy Lab: A Collaborative Hub with curated tools, workflows and training for FAIR and Reproducible biodiversity analysis](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8acbc17c-2bab-4152-99eb-ab7d9bc62656)
```
